m the pressure rises for this young Polish pianist in a few minutes
it will however have to be particularly difficult which
may change the course of his career like him three other
candidates from around the world are still in the running
for one place
but then very happy
the
the coach does not get tired
moreover it continues
since September 6th he trains to become a professional pianist
he still lives in poland where he spends all his time perfecting
his piano practice
at 23 only
he has already participated in many competitions
he has been the finalist of the very prestigious Chopin
people
so today still make the difference
india the stock market
it's like that it's a fact the characters are on the program
this information but from his cousin need and do well during
the months of April to October he reported at the
all professional musicians one of them by the way already made his
choice is a young person who kills
very very good candidate we were a little more spaced up sharply
that's what it takes is that she knows perfectly that the pianos is very
respected and h & m who has a lot and that's good musicians
all the other members of the jury agree with her
it is physical the vehicle indeed the retreat for lack of agreement one does not
did not stop there other factors
thanks to this price
he gets recognition from his peers he's also right
to record an album
a privilege and not negligible the filmmaker